**Accessibility Report**\
**Which features of your program adheres to that principle. If you do not have any such features you can either: (a) Describe features that you could implement in the future that would adhere to principle or (b) Explain why the principle does not apply to a program like yours.**\
Principle 1: Equitable Use. Our game is simple to understand. We have the rules displayed in the settings. As a next step to be truly inclusive, a screen-reader would be useful. It can read all text out loud, as well as indexes, and visual descriptions of tiles.\
Principle 2: Flexibility in Use. Our program allows the user to play the game as a guest or be registered as an user. Also the game mode selection allows the player to select different levels of difficulty and different visual themes.\
Principle 3: Simple and Intuitive Use. The user mostly has to click and use their memory (as that is what the game is about). Labels are clear and easy to understand, rules are in settings, and the flow is simply designed with minimal paths.\
Principle 4: Perceptible Information. For now our program only has visual cues, but for future implementation a screen reader would be an option for more diverse perceptible information.\
Principle 5: Tolerance for Error.  Since our game relies on memory, it is difficult to have undo buttons which would enable cheating. However, if the user presses a button incorrectly, messages will pop up on screen with simple and clear instructions on what error was made and what the user should do instead.\
Principle 6: Low Physical Effort. Very minimal physical effort is needed, other than clicking buttons. This is a very casual game that does not require straining physical positions. Mental effort is needed to remember tiles though!\
Principle 7: Size and Space for Approach and Use. This is a single player game, so as long as one can sit at a computer, they can play the game. The window is large enough for the user to be able to see everything clearly.

**Write a paragraph about who you would market your program towards, if you were to sell or license your program to customers. This could be a specific category such as "students" or more vague, such as "people who like games". Try to give a bit more detail along with the category.**\
Our game would be marketed towards people who enjoy casual single player games, as well as those who want to improve their memory. Having two different games in one program would prevent boredom, as often happens with single player simple games, since the user can choose what they would like to play. Since there is a leaderboard, there is a competitive aspect to the game which might attract more serious players whose aim is to be at the top of the leaderboard. Otherwise, our demographic is simply those who enjoy single player games and want to work on improving their memory!

**Write a paragraph about whether or not your program is less likely to be used by certain demographics. For example, a program that converts txt files to files that can be printed by a braille printer are less likely to be used by people who do not read braille.**\
Our game generally does not target a specific demographic, since memory games can be played by almost everyone. The only target population who are less likely to play the games are the people who do not enjoy playing memory games, or the people who suffer from medical conditions that result in a short attention span or dementia (the impaired ability to remember and think)
